fix(bare_metal_cloud/partitioning_ovh): update known errors (#7932)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/partitioning_ovh/guide.de-de.md

|`/boot` (or `/` if no `/boot` defined) partition cannot be larger than 2097151 MiB on this hardware|- GRUB partition cannot be larger than 2 TiB with this hardware RAID controller|- Create a separate `/boot` partition with a size less than 2TiB (1GiB should be enough)|
|`/boot` (or `/` if no `/boot` defined) partition type cannot be `XFS`|- GRUB partition doesn't support `XFS` filesystem type on this Operating System. This is the case for most of debian-like OSes (debian, proxmox, ubuntu)|- Create a separate `/boot` partition with filesystem other than `XFS`<br />- Don't create a separate `/boot` partition but choose a filesystem other than `XFS` for the `/` partition|

> |`ZFS` partition already exists with zpool name `n`. Either choose another name for the `m` partition or set the same RAID level for all partitions within zpool `n`|Assigning multiple `ZFS` partitions to the same zpool name is possible: it means each dataset will be part of the same zpool. This is possible only if all the datasets (therefore the partitions defined via the API) have the same RAID level|- Set the same RAID level as on the existing `ZFS` partition which will be part of the same zpool<br />- Choose another zpool name: this partition will not be part of the same zpool<br />- Don't provide any zpool name: we will assign a default zpool name and this partition will not be part of the same zpool||`Debian` does not provide a precompiled `ZFS` module and this server does not have enough memory to compile it (8 GB minimum required). Please use a different file system.|We always try to find the best balance between integration in OVHcloud ecosystem, hardware compatibility and reduced OS image size while providing an image that is as similar as possible to the official cloud-ready image provided by the software editor. The `ZFS` module is not natively provided by the software editor. We don't want to make the image heavier for customers not needing `ZFS` and we want to offer a `ZFS`-ready OS with configured `ZFS` partitioning for customers who want it. Therefore the `ZFS` module is compiled and installed during the OS reinstallation only for customers who ask for it. Since compilation requires memory in addition to that already used to run the rescue OS in memory, we have set the threshold at 8GiB to guarantee smooth operation and customer experience|- Remove all `ZFS` partitions or change their filesystems to something different than `ZFS`<br />- Choose another OS that natively supports `ZFS` filesystem such as Proxmox<br />- Use a server with 8GiB memory or more|

Reviewer: Looks like you accidentally merged the zpool name and the ZFS module lines

Reviewer: I thought this was part of the PR so I reviewed it and I think the following would be slightly easier to read:
```suggestion
|`ZFS` partition already exists with zpool name `n`. Either choose another name for the `m` partition or set the same RAID level for all partitions within zpool `n`|Assigning multiple `ZFS` partitions to the same zpool name is possible: it means each dataset will be part of the same zpool. This is possible only if all the datasets (therefore the partitions defined via the API) have the same RAID level|- Set the same RAID level on all `ZFS` partitions which will be part of the same zpool<br />- Choose another zpool name: this partition will not be part of the same zpool<br />- Don't provide any zpool name: we will assign a default zpool name and this partition will not be part of the same zpool|  
```

Author: > Looks like you accidentally merged the zpool name and the ZFS module lines

No it's removed because that check is now part of the API, API errors are not going to be documented here

> |`ZFS` partition already exists with zpool name `n`. Either choose another name for the `m` partition or set the same RAID level for all partitions within zpool `n`|Assigning multiple `ZFS` partitions to the same zpool name is possible: it means each dataset will be part of the same zpool. This is possible only if all the datasets (therefore the partitions defined via the API) have the same RAID level|- Set the same RAID level as on the existing `ZFS` partition which will be part of the same zpool<br />- Choose another zpool name: this partition will not be part of the same zpool<br />- Don't provide any zpool name: we will assign a default zpool name and this partition will not be part of the same zpool||`Debian` does not provide a precompiled `ZFS` module and this server does not have enough memory to compile it (8 GB minimum required). Please use a different file system.|We always try to find the best balance between integration in OVHcloud ecosystem, hardware compatibility and reduced OS image size while providing an image that is as similar as possible to the official cloud-ready image provided by the software editor. The `ZFS` module is not natively provided by the software editor. We don't want to make the image heavier for customers not needing `ZFS` and we want to offer a `ZFS`-ready OS with configured `ZFS` partitioning for customers who want it. Therefore the `ZFS` module is compiled and installed during the OS reinstallation only for customers who ask for it. Since compilation requires memory in addition to that already used to run the rescue OS in memory, we have set the threshold at 8GiB to guarantee smooth operation and customer experience|- Remove all `ZFS` partitions or change their filesystems to something different than `ZFS`<br />- Choose another OS that natively supports `ZFS` filesystem such as Proxmox<br />- Use a server with 8GiB memory or more|

Reviewer: Why no leading hyphen in the second column? All other rows seem to have one.

> |This operating system doesn't support `mdadm` metadata version 1.2 for `/` partition. Fallback to `mdadm` version 0.90 is not possible with `/` partition that requires `x` MiB on every disk, which exceed 4TiB on every disk.|- You have configured a `/` partition on top of a software RAID with an operating system that has a specific Linux kernel that only supports `mdadm` metadata version 0.9 for the `/` partition. Unfortunately this version of `mdadm` metadata doesn't work when the size used per disk is bigger than 4TiB|- Reduce the size of this partition so that it doesn't use more that 4TiB per disk<br />- Disable software raid, by restricting OS installation to 1 single disk<br />- Choose another operating system|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This operating system doesn't support `mdadm` metadata version 1.2 for `/` partition. Fallback to `mdadm` version 0.90 is not possible with `/` partition that requires `x` MiB on every disk, which exceed 4TiB on every disk.|You have configured a `/` partition on top of a software RAID with an operating system that only supports `md` metadata version 0.9 for the `/` partition. Unfortunately this version of `md` metadata doesn't work when the size used per disk is larger than 4 TiB|- Reduce the size of this partition so that it doesn't use more that 4 TiB per disk<br />- Disable software raid, by restricting OS installation to 1 single disk<br />- Choose another operating system|
```

This is not a kernel restriction, all Linux kernels support metadata 1.2. The issue is lack of initramfs. I don't think we need to go into specifics.
